fare and does not cater for families . Located near Burger King one . 
 END START Bibimbap House , located north of the City center near Clare Hall , is a moderately expensive . 
 END START There is a coffee shop close to the river called Fitzbillies . It is rated one star . 
 END START For cheap fast food in
you can try Loch Fyne ; however it is not child friendly as well . 
 END START There is a moderately priced English restaurant Bibimbap House located on the riverside near Clare Hall . 
 END START The French restaurant The Cambridge Blue has a high customer rating 
 END START The Vaults is a 3 - star coffee shop in the mid
food . 
 END START The Cambridge Blue is a French pub that is under £ 20 and is located near Café Brazil . 
 END START The Waterman is a pub that provides Chinese food with 3 of 5 customer rating . It is located by the riverside . 
 END START There is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in city centre
Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Express by Holiday Inn . Its customer rating is high . 
 END START The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the less than 20 price range . It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Its customer rating is low
the city centre . 
 END START Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge serves French food . 
 END START The Eagle , 3 out of 5 rating serving French food . 
 END START The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £ 20 price range
is a high priced fast food restaurant that serves Chinese food . It is located in Riverside near Clare Hall . 
 END START Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Indian food . It has a low customer rating , but it is pricey , is family friendly and low cost . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a family - friendly
that is child friendly , at a high price range . It holds an average customer rating . It is by the riverside . 
 END START Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is an Indian restaurant named Strada . This children friendly costs more than £ 30 and has a high customer rating . 
 END START Despite star rated , Browns Cambridge offers
restaurant offering English food . It is located north of the City centre . 
 END START The Rice Boat is an expensive , family friendly restaurant that is rated three star , located in City Centre , near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
 END START Strada is an expensive , non child - friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3
Japanese restaurant . They are located in the city centre and have a low rating . 
 END START The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn . It is a family - friendly sushi restaurant in the low price range . It is rated 3 three stars . 
 END START In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine , there
area near Express by Holiday Inn . Child friendly , it has a high customer rating and offers meals in the £ 20 - 25 price range . 
 END START The Waterman serves Chinese food , is kids friendly and has an average customer rating . It is moderately priced and in riverside . 
 END START The Wrestlers is a shops -
Olive Grove . It is not family - friendly . It serves English food for less than £ 20 . 
 END START The Vaults is a restaurant that serves Indian food . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 . It is located in the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
 END START
area , The Punter has a high price range . 
 END START The Olive Grove pub in riverside is child friendly and serves French food . It is moderately priced . 
 END START The Punter is a place that offers Japanese for more than £ 30 . 
 END START A Japanese restaurant , The , can be found in the riverside
Twenty Two is family - friendly with a price range of less than 20 euros . It has a low customer rating , and is conveniently located near The Rice Boat in the City Centre . 
 END START There is a low priced restaurant Browns Cambridge that has an average customer rating . 
 END START Rated 3 out of 5 , Strada
you can go to Browns Cambridge near the The Sorrento . 
 END START With a price range of more than £ 30 and English food , The Wrestlers UNK is a good place with a high customer rating but is not child friendly . 
 END START The Rice Boat has a one star rating and serves wines French UNK . 
 END
Twenty Two is children - friendly , and serves Japanese food . 
 END START The French pub , Zizzi has a high customer rating . 
 END START Located near Express by Holiday Inn is a family restaurant called The Rice Boat . It has good prices 
 END START The Rice Boat is a Indian restaurant with a high customer rating .
5 . 
 END START The Twenty Two family friendly serves French food . 
 END START The Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a moderately priced fast food restaurant located near The Bakers . It is kid friendly . 
 END START
UNK than average price range . 
 END START Strada is a restaurant rated 3 out of 5 
 END START The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with . It is located near Burger King . It is family friendly . 
 END START For less than £ 20 The Golden Palace is a family friendly pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
range . 
 END START Aromi coffee shop is family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . They serve French food , and are located on the riverside . 
 END START with a price range of £ 20 - 25 there is a Fast food place with a high customer rating called The Wrestlers . 
 END START Strada
a high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Bibimbap House has a lower than average price range . They serve Indian food . They are located in the riverside area near Clare Hall . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a child friendly fast food venue with an average customer rating . 

. 
 END START Browns Cambridge Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is in the more than £ 30 price range . 
 END START The Wrestlers offers Indian food with a moderate price range , and a customer rating 1 out of 5 . 
 END START The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant with a price range
located near Clare Hall , in the city centre . 
 END START Located near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat a high priced family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 ratings . 
 END START A kids friendly French food restaurant that is near Café Rouge and has a very low rating is called The Golden Curry . 
 END
pub with a low customer rating . 
 END START The Vaults is a 3 star coffee shop next to Café Brazil 
 END START Located near All Bar One , Green Man is family friendly and offers fast food . It is in the medium price range . 
 END START The Golden Curry serves Indian food and has a high rating .
rating . 
 END START The Vaults is a low rated pub with a price range of more than £ 30 , located close to Café Adriatic 
 END START Cotto is a Chinese restaurant that is located near Ranch . The customer rating is low and it is not family friendly . 
 END START For less than £ 20 price range ,
the Yippee Noodle Bar . 
 END START There is a coffee shop called Clowns on the riverside near Clare Hall , it also serves Fast food and has a perfect rating . 
 END START Loch Fyne restaurant serves English food and has a kid friendly atmosphere . 
 END START Blue Spice serves English food in the city centre . They have
Burger King . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it has a high price range . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with an average rating and is family friendly . 
 END START The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food . 
 END START Fitzbillies near The Six Bells
Indian food in the more than £ 30 price range and has a high customer rating . It is not child friendly . 
 END START Located near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat , which serves cheap French food and is the riverside . It has a rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
of 5 and serves Japanese food . 
 END START There is a low cost restaurant The Green Man near All Bar One . 
 END START The Golden Curry is in the centre of the city near Café Rouge . They serve Japanese food and is not a family friendly environment . They have a low customer rating . 
 END START There
20 - 25 . It is near Express by Holiday Inn . 
 END START Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area , there 3 out of 5 is an Japanese restaurant named Loch Fyne . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in City centre , near Crown Plaza Hotel . It has low ratings and is not family
20 . It is located near The Portland Arms on the riverside area of City centre . 
 END START Alimentum is a 5 - star English restaurant located outside of the river next to Yippee Noodle Bar . 
 END START An Italian restaurant that is named The Punter , has a price range less than £ 20 . 
 END START The
shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating and price range below £ L20 . 
 END START The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Aromi is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area with a high customer rating . 
 END
to The Portland Arms 
 END START Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the £ 20 - 25 range . It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Near Burger King in Riverside is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle serving cheap Italian food . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is
priced restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic . 
 END START Pub style moderately priced at The Olive Grove in the city centre 
 END START The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant . It has average ratings . 
 END START The Punter is a fast food coffee shop that has a low price range and is family friendly
. It is near Café Rouge . 
 END START The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for less than £ 20 . It is located near Burger King on the riverside , and has a low customer rating . 
 END START Near Café Rouge The Wildwood restaurant has a high customer rating . 
 END START Wildwood is located
Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating . 
 END START The Waterman is a Japanese food pub on the riverside with a average customer rating . 
 END START On the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn you will find the high customer rated family friendly Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat . 
 END START The family - friendly restaurant
rate it 1 out of 5 . 
 END START Bibimbap House , in the riverside area near Clare Hall , has a low price range 
 END START Strada is a non - child friendly English restaurant , with a high price range , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . 
 END START The Eagle
A pub called The Eagle that has low customer rating located in Riverside near Burger King . 
 END START The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 . 
 END START Loch Fyne is a cheap family friendly restaurant . 
 END START Browns Cambridge serves Indian food . The Sorrento has not
They are kid friendly . They serve English food . 
 END START In the riverside area near The Sorrento is the is family friendly Browns Cambridge . 
 END START the Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is child friendly with a moderate price range serving fast food 
 END START Fitzbillies , near The Six Bells is a restaurant that serves English
that serves Japanese food and a family - friendly environment . 
 END START The Rice Boat , located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn , serves cheap English food . 
 END START A child friendly restaurant , Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START A restaurant in the riverside called Aromi is
of 1 out of 5 . 
 END START Located next to Yippee Noodle Bar , Strada is an inexpensive pub that sells food and wine . 
 END START The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge in Riverside . They are not family - friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . 
 END START Near Taste of
is below £ 20 . 
 END START Along the riverside there is a place that has a high price range fast food called Alimentum . 
 END START In riverside there has a high high price range and an average customer rating , called Travellers Rest Beefeater , which is located near Café Adriatic . 
 END START The Waterman is a low
a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . 
 END START city centre and coffee shop near Clare Hall is Clowns . Its customer rating is low . 
 END START The Olive Grove is a non family - friendly pub that serves Japanese food in the city centre at a price range of
. 
 END START The fast food restaurant UNK from the Green Man in riverside area near UNK All Bar One . 
 END START With a 5 out of 5 customer rating , The Phoenix offers Japanese cuisine , in a UNK riverside location . 
 END START Blue Spice is an expensive coffee shop in town . 
 END START Browns Cambridge
price range . 
 END START A moderately priced kid friendly restaurant that serves English food is called Loch Fyne . 
 END START The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub , that has a price range of less then 20 euros and is located near Café Brazil . 
 END START The Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that offers fast
a pub located in riverside , offering expensive food with high customer reviews . 
 END START The Plough is a kids friendly pub near Café Rouge with a high price range . 
 END START Fast food is served at The Rice Boat , a family friendly in riverside . 
 END START Located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn
has a wide good customer rating and is a family friendly atmosphere . 
 END START In riverside riverside pub , Giraffe . English food and kid friendly . 
 END START The Rice Boat is an affordable fast food restaurant with 5 stars of 5 rating and full high to prices . It is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is the
20 and £ 25 . 
 END START Clowns is a family friendly restaurant . It can be found near Café Sicilia . 
 END START Midsummer House is an average - priced restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One . 
 END START There is a coffee shop located near Burger King called The Eagle which provides Italian food . It
customer rating 5 of 5 , and it 's children friendly . 
 END START Aromi is a pub in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly and the rating is low . 
 END START The Wrestlers is a family friendly , mid - priced food and restaurant . 
 END START The Rice Boat is a kid friendly fast
5 . 
 END START Located by the riverside near Burger King , The Eagle has a moderate price range , is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Near Café Rouge in Riverside is a family friendly place called The Golden Curry . It has a high customer rating . 
 END START The Golden
END START There is a coffee shop named The Eagle , situated along the riverside serving French food with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a 3 out of 5 rating . 
 END START The Golden Curry serves Italian food , is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START With
. 
 END START Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant , providing low quality food in the cheap price range . 
 END START With a 1 out of 5 rating Wildwood is near Café Rouge . 
 END START There is a non family - friendly pub serving English food called The Dumpling Tree that is located near The Portland Arms . 

